Add tenure profile badges to `Project Loved Team` (#11791)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/People/Project_Loved_Team/en.md

The criteria for joining the team vastly differs from role to role, but proficiency and community presence is always sought after.

## Benefits

> Project Loved Team members are granted the following benefits:

Reviewer: "Project Loved Team members are given profile badges that display the number of years [...]"
no need for 1-item list

> Project Loved Team members are granted the following benefits:
> 
> - **Tenure badge**: A [profile badge](/wiki/Community/Profile_badge) that displays the number of years they have been helping run Project Loved.

Author: Maybe this?
```suggestion
Project Loved Team members are given a tenure [profile badge](/wiki/Community/Profile_badge) that displays the number of years they have been helping run Project Loved.
```

> - **Tenure badge**: A [profile badge](/wiki/Community/Profile_badge) that displays the number of years they have been in the LVD, ranging from 1 to 6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Tenure badge**: A [profile badge](/wiki/Community/Profile_badge) that displays the number of years they have been helping run Project Loved.
```
